# Pharmacy Management DBMS Project
A Database Course project for our university curiculam.

## Introduction
Butt pharmacy is a real business which is currently operational in Gujrat. Employee management, stock availability, sales and purchases, supplier records, and order management are just a few of the manual organizational operations that are controlled by various people. Because these actions are managed through paper, there is no special means to maintain and retain the record of these activities for the future.
Admin or Users will be able to register and login to the system in order to manage all operations inside the business using the proposed system. It eliminates manual work and improves management and business report generating efficiency. It will save a significant amount of people, time, and improve job accuracy. Our system is used to online store, access, and manage employee information, inventory, report creation, and stock availability etc. In comparison to existing systems, our proposed system will be much more accurate, reliable, and user-friendly.
In the Database design of the Medical Store Management System, the tables for the entities of the system are created. The entities are taken from the understanding of the project through the understood requirements from the System Requirements Specification (SRS) document of Software Engineering. The requirements were taken from the client (business owner) on the basis. The Database design is very necessary for the storing of the data and retrieving the data for the useful purposes. 
The first step in the creation of the database is to design an Entity Relation Diagram (ERD). The ERD gives a quick idea of how the database is going to look like. It gives a schema of the linking of the database.
